[docs][pickers] Document e2e testing patterns for picker field components (#22565)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/base-concepts/base-concepts.md

expect(cleanText(input.value)).to.equal('04-17-2022');
```

### End-to-end testing with Playwright

The field's accessible DOM structure exposes a single, form-submittable element that supports both interaction and assertion: a visually-hidden `<input>` rendered alongside the `role="group"` container.
When the picker has a `label`, that label becomes the accessible name of both the group and the hidden input (the field wires `<label htmlFor={id}>` automatically), which lets you scope the locator on pages that render more than one picker.
Unlike the visible section spans, the hidden input doesn't contain the invisible Unicode characters mentioned above, so assertions don't need any cleanup.

Given a labeled picker:

```tsx
<DatePicker label="Departure" />
```

The minimum pattern to fill a date and assert its value:

```ts
const input = page.getByRole('textbox', { includeHidden: true, name: 'Departure' });
await input.focus();
await input.fill('02/12/2020');
await expect(input).toHaveValue('02/12/2020');
```

> The explicit `.focus()` is required: without it Playwright's `.fill()` doesn't propagate the change event through to the field's section state.

Author: The suggestion is wrong. For field testing, explicit focus or click is mandatory before firing `fill`.

await field.getByRole('spinbutton', { name: 'Day' }).fill('11');
await field.getByRole('spinbutton', { name: 'Year' }).fill('2022');
```

:::warning
The `spinbutton` accessible names are locale-dependent.
Use the localized labels if your tests run against a non-English locale.
:::

:::info
The hidden input's value substitutes placeholders for empty sections (for example, `04/DD/YYYY` if only the month is filled).
For partial-fill assertions, prefer reading section content via `getByRole('spinbutton', { name: ... })`.
:::

A few additional gotchas:

- **Date format and locale**. The hidden input's value uses the picker's configured format. `04/11/2022` parses as April 11 in `en-US` but November 4 in `en-GB`. Pin your tests to a fixed locale, or generate the expected string from the same adapter you configured the picker with.
- **Range pickers expose two sets of sections**. With a single-input range picker each `spinbutton` role appears twice; scope using `.first()` / `.last()` (or `.nth(i)`) to target the start or end side. With a multi-input range picker the two fields are separate `role="group"` containers; target each input via a parent locator.

> - **Wait for the picker dialog to detach**. After selecting a date in a desktop picker, the dialog closes asynchronously. Race with the closing transition and you get flaky failures. Add `await page.waitForSelector('[role="dialog"]', { state: 'detached' })` before the next assertion.

Author: This sounds a bit more appropriate. `tooltip` is used only in case of Multi Input Fields.
```suggestion
- **Wait for the picker dialog to detach**. After selecting a date in a picker, the dialog closes asynchronously. If you are asserting selection and experiencing flaky failures, be sure to add `await page.waitForSelector('[role="dialog"]', { state: 'detached' })` (or `[role="tooltip"]` in case of a range picker with multiple input fields) before the next assertion.
```
